Add tracing section (#12)
anycable/docs.anycable.io: docs/go_tracing.md

# AnyCable-Go Instrumentation

> AnyCable-Go assigns a random unique `sid` or use a provided one from `X-Request-ID` HTTP header

Reviewer: ```suggestion
AnyCable-Go assigns a random unique `sid` (_session ID_) or use the one provided in the `X-Request-ID` HTTP header
```

to each websocket connection and passes it with requests to RPC service. This identificator is also

> available in logs and you can use it to trace a request's pathway throught the whole LB->WS->RPC stack.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
available in logs and you can use it to trace a request's pathway through the whole Load Balancer -> WS Server -> RPC stack.
```

Logs example:

```
D 2019-04-25T18:41:07.172Z context=node sid=FQQS_IltswlTJK60ncf9Cm Incoming message: &{subscribe {"channel":"PresenceChannel"} }
D 2019-04-25T18:41:08.074Z context=pubsub Incoming pubsub message from Redis: {"stream":"presence:Z2lkOi8vbWFuYWdlYmFjL1NjaG9vbC8xMDAwMjI3Mw","data":"{\"type\":\"presence\",\"event\":\"user-presence-changed\",\"user_id\":1,\"status\":\"online\"}"}
```

## Using with Heroku

> Heroku assigns `X-Request-ID` [automatically on router level](https://devcenter.heroku.com/articles/http-request-id).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Heroku assigns `X-Request-ID` [automatically at the router level](https://devcenter.heroku.com/articles/http-request-id).
```
